website/src/content/docs/makers/appimage.md, before:

---
title: AppImage
---

## Requirements

- `locate`

  On Ubuntu/Debian based linux, run:
  ```bash
  $ sudo apt install locate
  ```
- [AppImageTool](https://github.com/AppImage/AppImageKit)

To install Appimage Builder, run:

```bash
wget -O appimagetool "https://github.com/AppImage/AppImageKit/releases/download/continuous/appimagetool-x86_64.AppImage"
chmod +x appimagetool
mv appimagetool /usr/local/bin/
```

> Last command may require `sudo` privileges

## Usage

Add `make_config.yaml` to your project `linux/packaging/appimage` directory.

```yaml
display_name: Hello World

icon: assets/logo.png

keywords:
  - Hello
  - World
  - Test
  - Application

generic_name: Cool Application

actions:
  - name: Say Hi
    label: say-hi
    arguments:
      - --say
      - hi
  - name: Say Bye
    label: say-bye
    arguments:
      - --say
      - bye

categories:
  - Music

startup_notify: true

# You can specify the shared libraries that you want to bundle with your app
#
# flutter_distributor automatically detects the shared libraries that your app
# depends on, but you can also specify them manually here.
# 
# The following example shows how to bundle the libcurl library with your app.
#
# include:
#   - libcurl.so.4
include: []
```

Run:

```bash
flutter_distributor package --platform linux --targets appimage
```

## Related Links

- [Build and release an Linux app](https://docs.flutter.dev/deployment/linux)
- [Introduction to AppImage package format](https://docs.appimage.org/)
- [Desktop Entry Specification](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/desktop-entry-spec-latest.html)

Commit message:

[Linux] Add MimeType for appimage and metainfo file support (#195)
* feat(appimage): add supported mime type

* feat: add metainfo file support for linux packaging

* chore: update googleapis to support

* chore: uncommit pubspec.lock's of packages

* chore: uncommit pubspec.lock's of packages

* fix: lint fixes

* chore: bump googleapis_auth

* fix: use local path until publish

* feat: add example for supported_mime_type in appimage

* fix: code for copying metainfo in rpm

* fix: copy path for metainfo in rpm

* fix(rpm): also include metainfo

* fix(linux): change metainfo path relative to packaging directory

* fix(linux): update metainfo creation

* fix(appimage): don't check appstream on appimage

* chore: bump version

* feat: add metainfo working example

* chore: update doc for metainfo

website/src/content/docs/makers/appimage.md, after:

---
title: AppImage
---

## Requirements

- `locate`

  On Ubuntu/Debian based linux, run:
  ```bash
  $ sudo apt install locate
  ```
- [AppImageTool](https://github.com/AppImage/AppImageKit)

To install Appimage Builder, run:

```bash
wget -O appimagetool "https://github.com/AppImage/AppImageKit/releases/download/continuous/appimagetool-x86_64.AppImage"
chmod +x appimagetool
mv appimagetool /usr/local/bin/
```

> Last command may require `sudo` privileges

## Usage

Add `make_config.yaml` to your project `linux/packaging/appimage` directory.

```yaml
display_name: Hello World

icon: assets/logo.png

keywords:
  - Hello
  - World
  - Test
  - Application

generic_name: Cool Application

actions:
  - name: Say Hi
    label: say-hi
    arguments:
      - --say
      - hi
  - name: Say Bye
    label: say-bye
    arguments:
      - --say
      - bye

categories:
  - Music

startup_notify: true

# You can specify the shared libraries that you want to bundle with your app
#
# flutter_distributor automatically detects the shared libraries that your app
# depends on, but you can also specify them manually here.
# 
# The following example shows how to bundle the libcurl library with your app.
#
# include:
#   - libcurl.so.4
include: []

# You can also specify [metainfo](https://freedesktop.org/software/appstream/docs/chap-Quickstart.html) file
# which contains metadata of the app.
# metainfo: linux/packaging/myappid.appdata.xml
```

Run:

```bash
flutter_distributor package --platform linux --targets appimage
```

## Related Links

- [Build and release an Linux app](https://docs.flutter.dev/deployment/linux)
- [Introduction to AppImage package format](https://docs.appimage.org/)
- [Desktop Entry Specification](https://specifications.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/desktop-entry-spec-latest.html)
